[portable-rustls] FIXUP & UPDATE DOCUMENTATION - GENERAL (etc.) (#42)
brody4hire/portable-rustls: README.md

![Crates.io MSRV](https://img.shields.io/crates/msrv/portable-rustls?style=flat-square)

<!-- TODO(portable-rustls) CLEANUP & IMPROVE NOTE FOR THIS FORK; REWORK TO AVOID REPEATED INFO -->
__IMPORTANT NOTICE:__ regardless of upstream __`rustls`__ project this fork is __NOT CERTIFIED__ and __NOT PEER-REVIEWED__ - USE AT YOUR OWN RISK (as stated further below)

<!-- TODO(portable-rustls) CLEANUP & IMPROVE NOTE FOR THIS FORK; REWORK TO AVOID REPEATED INFO -->
RECOMMENDED USAGE OF THIS FORK (as stated further below):

<!-- NOTE: SHOULD KEEP THIS BLOCK QUOTATION IN SYNC WITH INFO FURTHER BELOW -->
>Add dependency on this fork as follows in `Cargo.toml`:
>
>```rust,ignore
>rustls = { package = "portable-rustls", features=[...], ... }
>```
>
>Then import and use __`rustls`__ in the code as usual.
>
>(Unlike the original __`rustls`__, no features are enabled by default in this fork.)

NOTE: This fork supports building for targets with no atomic ptr - see info further below.

> ADDITIONAL NOTE (as stated further below): FIPS support is REMOVED FROM THIS FORK. THERE MAY BE SOME VESTIGES IN THE API,
> IMPLEMENTATION OR DOCUMENTATION BUT THIS DOES NOT IMPLY EXISTENCE OF FIPS SUPPORT IN ANY FORM.

Author: ```suggestion
ADDITIONAL NOTE (as stated further below): FIPS support is REMOVED FROM THIS FORK; any possible vestiges remaining should be considered non-functional.
```

# Approach

<!-- TODO(portable-rustls) IMPROVE SYNCHRONIZATION OF IMPORTANT INFO WITH BEGINNING OF README.md -->
<!-- (as tracked in: https://github.com/brody4hire/portable-rustls/issues/31) -->

<!-- TODO(portable-rustls) CLEANUP & IMPROVE NOTE FOR THIS FORK -->

> __IMPORTANT NOTICE:__ regardless of upstream __`rustls`__ project this fork is __NOT CERTIFIED__ and __NOT PEER-REVIEWED__ - USE AT YOUR OWN RISK (as stated further below)

Author: OOPS need to do `admin/pull-readme` to fix as follows:

```suggestion
__IMPORTANT NOTICE:__ regardless of upstream __`rustls`__ project this fork is __NOT CERTIFIED__ and __NOT PEER-REVIEWED__ - USE AT YOUR OWN RISK
```

(CI is expected to fail until I fix this)

<!-- TODO(portable-rustls) CLEANUP THIS NOTE & IMPROVE THE INFO HERE: -->
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO LOOK INTO `provider-example` SUBDIRECTORY ([`provider-example`](provider-example/)) IN THIS FORK; SEE ESPECIALLY `provider-example/Cargo.toml`.

As described above, it is (highly) recommended to add dependency on this fork as follows in `Cargo.toml`:

>```rust,ignore
>rustls = { package = "portable-rustls", features=[...], ... }
>```

See the [Making a custom CryptoProvider] section of the documentation for more information
on this topic.

<!-- TODO REFERENCE MAIN DEV BRANCH INSTEAD OF OLD TAG ON GITHUB -->
[`custom-provider`]: https://https://github.com/brody4hire/portable-rustls/tree/portable-rustls-0.0.1/provider-example/

> [`RustCrypto`]: https://github.com/RustCrypto

Author: I definitely want to fix this before merging - blocked by issue described in: #43
